it literally changes so fast every day
though the route that you can walk
through what you can see is different
because of how fast things are getting
built it up quickly it's transforming
the nice new problem to have a very nice
bouquet these are the swamp oaks in May
of 2008 Christopher Ward became the
executive director of the port authority
of new york and new jersey thanks i
wanna call me back over here that
agencies responsible for America's
busiest airport and port system plus a
commuter train line six tunnels and
bridges and also on that list One World
Trade Center
a building that when finished will be
the tallest in all of America this is
the floor that got cleared away when
everybody looked out to understand the
construction of a building that tall you
need to start in the basement so anybody
who washed out a 911 anniversary saw
that big ramp that came down and all the
ceremony that's where we're headed right
that's where it ended you won't see what
you saw with that ramp came down because
we built 700,000 square feet of
structure and infrastructure down here
today and there's even more to come over
this enormous space the New World Trade
Center and it's all happening at the
same time it's hacked how do you do that
well I think you have to step back and
understand what we did you think about
all that is getting built 10 million
square feet of commercial officer
memorial and museum a new transit hub
everything that we are looking at here
is a game of pick-up sticks you touch
one part you touch this memorial you're
touching the electrical system for
distribution you bring in hudson river
water for cooling you're talking about
an air conditioning system for the
largest skyscraper ever built in the
united state while we're pulling through
60-inch pipes hudson river water all the
way underneath battery park city
underneath 9a into this chamber that's a
62 60-inch pipes then it next down to 48
to 32 I don't know if people have a
sense for it but look how big these are
I mean for real
it is just as you can see a massive
massive water works project underground
here that was Fox senior correspondent
Shepard Smith for other reports on this
visit foxnews.com